README.md, before:

# ROS udacity_bot package
Author: Roberto Zegers R.

## Abstract
The package contains a URDF model of a differential drive robot equipped with an camera and laser sensor.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rfzeg/udacity_bot/master/docs/imgs/udacity_bot.png">
Fig.1 Image of the robot model in Gazebo (coke_can model shown for size comparison).  

## Default topics
+ Image Topic: /udacity_bot/camera1/image_raw
+ Image Info Topic:/udacity_bot/camera1/camera_info
+ Laser Scan Topic: /udacity_bot/laser/scan
+ Movement Commands: /cmd_vel

## Repository architecture
### Directories
+ **urdf/** : (required) contains the files that generate the robot model and provide simulated actuators and sensors
+ **meshes/** : (required) contains the mesh files of the laser sensor
+ **config/** : (optional) contains YAML files that store the Navigation Stack configuration files for the robot
+ **rviz/** : (optional) contains Rviz configuration settings for displaying the robot model
+ **launch/** : (optional) contains launch files for starting the simulation / running nodes
+ **worlds/** : (optional) contains scene/environment files for Gazebo
+ **maps/** : (optional) contains the occupancy grid based maps required for navigation

### Robot model files
+ **udacity_bot.xacro** : the xacro file that generates the urdf description file of the robot
+ **udacity_bot.gazebo** : contains the Gazebo plugins that provide an interface to control the robot wheels and simulate the laser sensor

## Direct usage
- Clone this repository into a ROS catkin workspace
- Build and source the workspace
- To launch this package including the Jackal Race Gazebo world and Rviz: `roslaunch udacity_bot udacity_world.launch`  

If you want to move the robot using a keyboard you will also need to start a teleop node.  
To run the AMCL localization node and use the robot with the Navigation Stack type in a new window: `roslaunch udacity_bot amcl.launch`  

To view raw images on the topic /camera/rgb/image_raw, use:  
`rosrun image_view image_view image:=/udacity_bot/camera1/image_raw`  

## Known Issues
+ Gazebo is crashing as it is starting up: Usually, it is enough to run it again (probably several times).
+ Most of the visual robot model shapes are not shown or are displayed collapsed on Rviz: make sure to run robot_state_publisher to publish transforms for all joints. Do it by running `roslaunch udacity_bot robot_description.launch`  

This package has only been tested on Ubuntu 16.04 LTS with ROS Kinetic and Gazebo 7.0 and 7.15.

Commit message:

Add launch file to only spawn robot into a running simulation

README.md, after:

# ROS udacity_bot package
Author: Roberto Zegers R.

## Abstract
The package contains a URDF model of a differential drive robot equipped with a camera and laser sensor.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rfzeg/udacity_bot/master/docs/imgs/udacity_bot.png">
Fig.1 Image of the robot model in Gazebo (coke_can model shown for size comparison).  

## Default topics
+ Image Topic: /udacity_bot/camera1/image_raw
+ Image Info Topic:/udacity_bot/camera1/camera_info
+ Laser Scan Topic: /udacity_bot/laser/scan
+ Movement Commands: /cmd_vel

## Repository architecture
### Directories
+ **urdf/** : (required) contains the files that generate the robot model and provide simulated actuators and sensors
+ **meshes/** : (required) contains the mesh files of the laser sensor
+ **config/** : (optional) contains YAML files that store the Navigation Stack configuration files for the robot
+ **rviz/** : (optional) contains Rviz configuration settings for displaying the robot model
+ **launch/** : (optional) contains launch files for starting the simulation / running nodes
+ **worlds/** : (optional) contains scene/environment files for Gazebo
+ **maps/** : (optional) contains the occupancy grid based maps required for navigation

### Robot model files
+ **udacity_bot.xacro** : the xacro file that generates the urdf description file of the robot
+ **udacity_bot.gazebo** : contains the Gazebo plugins that provide an interface to control the robot wheels and simulate the laser sensor

## Direct usage
- Clone this repository into a ROS catkin workspace
- Build and source the workspace
- To launch this package including the Jackal Race Gazebo world and Rviz: `roslaunch udacity_bot udacity_world.launch`  
or:  
- To spawn the robot into another already opened Gazebo world:  
`roslaunch udacity_bot robot_description.launch`  
`roslaunch udacity_bot spawn_udacity_bot.launch`  

If you want to move the robot using a keyboard you will also need to start a teleop node.  
To run the AMCL localization node and use the robot with the Navigation Stack type in a new window: `roslaunch udacity_bot amcl.launch`  

To view raw images on the topic /camera/rgb/image_raw, use:  
`rosrun image_view image_view image:=/udacity_bot/camera1/image_raw`  

## Known Issues
+ Gazebo is crashing as it is starting up: Usually, it is enough to run it again (probably several times).
+ Most of the visual robot model shapes are not shown or are displayed collapsed on Rviz: make sure to run robot_state_publisher to publish transforms for all joints.  
  Do it by running `roslaunch udacity_bot robot_description.launch`  

This package has only been tested on Ubuntu 16.04 LTS with ROS Kinetic and Gazebo 7.0 and 7.15.
